ROADMAP.md, before:

# Project Roadmap

Since this is a continuation fork of the original project, I think I'd like to have features added in to the project. This will change as time goes on and more demand arises.

**Remember, this is only a hobby project of mine. I will only work on this in my spare time. Please do not harass me or any other contributors regarding this project or I *will* archive the repository!**

## Features to Add
- [ ] Add Windows Support
- [ ] Remove Invidious Support
    - From a personal standpoint, I don't think this is worth having. It would require a constant internet connection to then scrape the song off the web which takes time. Would rather just have the song downloaded and then instantly play in the launch page.
- [ ] Allow Option for Locally Stored Music
- [ ] Reroute Crowdin Localization Efforts
    - [ ] Complete Localization Efforts
- [ ] Always make default muted no matter what. User must supply their own music first
    - Again, this boils down to personal preference. Should other contributors and users tell this is not a good idea, I will take this down.

Please let me know if I should add more to this roadmap! Reach out to me on Discord or submit a PR!

Commit message:

chore: update ROADMAP.md
based on suggestions from discord user magmacube_123

ROADMAP.md, after:

# Project Roadmap

Since this is a continuation fork of the original project, I think I'd like to have features added in to the project. This will change as time goes on and more demand arises.

**Remember, this is only a hobby project of mine. I will only work on this in my spare time. Please do not harass me or any other contributors regarding this project or I *will* archive the repository!**

## Features to Add
- [ ] Add Windows Support
- [ ] Remove Invidious Support
    - From a personal standpoint, I don't think this is worth having. This is just too much of a hassle and requires a constant internet connection, which is not ideal for a device as portable as a Steam Deck.
    - This would mean the plugin only uses YT-DLP.
- [ ] Allow Option for Locally Stored Music
- [ ] Reroute Crowdin Localization Efforts
    - [ ] Complete Localization Efforts
- [ ] Force Users To Download Using YT-DLP
    - Again, this boils down to personal preference. Should other contributors and users tell this is not a good idea, I will take this down.
- [ ] Make Default Muted Globally.
    - Another personal preference.  
- [ ] Add Button To Update YT-DLP Binary
    -  This may fix some plugin breakages, as YouTube often changes things in the backend that break YT-DLP until it is updated.

Please let me know if I should add more to this roadmap! Reach out to me on Discord or submit a PR!
